The Citadel 

Wow - Social Media / Rewards


	This platfrom is site to promote active game play dedicated entriley to world of warcraft. It will be a way for players to be rewarded for there loyalty.
Players will be able to create a profile , in which all of there toon achivemtns and rankings can be viewed by other players.  They will be able to contest for 
prizes on a lower- end scale then other sites , but with a higher chance of winnings , In a way awards will be definite to all subscribers. This will for blizzard
increase player acitvity and hightened intrest in the games features . All transactions will be on my side, from a personal buiness account asccoited to The Citdel.
The Citdel will include guides , x mog cometions , pvp tournements , mythic progression races , personal vendettas such as single matches between riverys , they
will earn CLT Citdel Loytal Tokens. With these Tokens they may purchase entry to tournmetns , a list of items such as gaming computers all purchased thoug loacal funding and
 discounted skins and item services , which the discounted percentage will only be reflected on my end which i will purchase blizzards services at full price . It will be rewards granted to by me for blizz loyalty . 
In turn I will reach a subscriber base which will be used for simple adversitment portfolio , in which return all blizz advertismetns will be done freely form my sight. Any adverstimsent deals made though other 
faciltys will be also spit at percentage with blizzard. This is a chance for blizzard to be apart of a site dedicated entirly to its fan base , a way for there players to be
rewarded without costing them a dime , yet gaining high revnue. This platform allows for NON-TO PROFEESIONAL PLAYERS TO COMPETE , by reducing the prize value to many prizes 
availber to players of all skills.

Whats in it for blizzard. 

1. Player Site rewared for there game time.
2. A beacon to draw in players for a alternate line of prohitable achievments.
3. Increase player activity.
4. A way to give back without giving anything.
5. A form of free advterisment.
6. All reards will be help on my end of funding. 
7. Re igniteing player intrest.


Main IDeas-

---The Collsium 
 Apage that will stream both sides of the players during there giving tounemtns . 
In Mythic Events the team , will be reqered spertaly but a head streamer will be determined ,
so spectaros can watch .

Tourneys will be viewed by a spactarors.


The strongest 50 Cietdels players , only 5 from each server.
Will be posted in the Halls of Legends

They can use amassed Tokens to purchase digital items. (prophit)
Such as sreamer UIS that can only be found in the Citdel, 
Profile backgrounds , icons , borders and crowns .
Tokens can be used as Gifts.

1. Pvp - 

1v1 Tourneys , allowing only 10 players from each server that will be selected at yet difnined algotrythem . form each server-
They will be asinged mach times vers players at equal skill and il. They can only enter with CLT , in which they will be reqred .5 of what is avalible per match.
So the other ,5 is returned to Tjhe citdel as profit to be redsitrubuted to higher latters.


